The last piece of the famous serenade by Mozart, the Londo.
The Seishudai began.
This Seishudai is repeated.
When the repetition is over, it enters the Fuzui school.
This is the Fuzui school.
This Fuzui school ends at the 5th note of the current bar.
This is the 5th note of the current bar.
When the repetition is over, the Seishudai appears.
However, unlike the normal bar, this is the 5th note of the current bar.
This is the same as the Fuzui school.
The song is gradually going back to the current bar.
It's back.
And all this is repeated again.
This is the repetition of the Seishudai.
This is the repetition of the Fuzui school.
And when the repetition is over,
this song takes the form of a development of the Sonata style.
The Seishudai is represented in the form of a three-degree bend.
And gradually,
the Seishudai is repeated.
This is the 5th note of the current bar.
And the Fuzui school is represented in the same way as the Sonata style.
It's in the same position as the current bar.
And when the Seishudai is repeated,
the Seishudai is immediately represented in the form of a four-degree bend.
If you repeat it, it becomes eight times.
And when the song is over,
the Seishudai is imitated and entered the Fuzui school.
And when it's over, it goes to the last bar.
This is the Koda.
The Seishudai is repeated five times when the Koda is added.
If you repeat it, it becomes nine times.
The song is always imitated the Seishudai and is a flowery song.
Thank you for watching.